Feature: CVODE Resize History (#678)
LLNL/sundials: doc/cvode/guide/source/Usage/index.rst

Author: The user is responsible for saving the history from CVODE returns which generally means they should call CVODE in one-step mode or build with monitoring enabled to access the state between steps. If insufficient history is supplied to resize for the order used in the next step an error is returned. I'll update the documentation to make this clear.

      If an error occurred, ``CVodeReInit`` also sends an error message to the
      error handler function.

CVODE resize function
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For simulations involving changes to the number of equations and unknowns in the
ODE system, CVODE maybe "resized" between steps by calling
:c:func:`CVodeResizeHistory`. As the methods implemented in CVODE utilize
solution or right-hand side history information, resizing the integrator
requires providing the necessary history data (detailed below) at the new
problem size.

.. c:function:: int CVodeResizeHistory(void* cvode_mem, sunrealtype* t_hist, N_Vector* y_hist, N_Vector* f_hist, int num_y_hist, int num_f_hist)

   The function :c:func:`CVodeResizeHistory` resizes CVODE using the provided
   history data at the new problem size.

   For Adams methods the required history data is

   * Solution vectors: :math:`y(t_n)` and :math:`y(t_{n-1})`
   * Right-hand side vectors: :math:`f(t_n,y(t_n)), f(t_{n-1},y(t_{n-1})), \ldots, f(t_{n-k}, y(t_{n-k}))`

   For BDF methods the required history data is:

   * Solution vectors: :math:`y(t_n), y(t_{n-1}), \ldots, y(t_{n-k})`

>    * Right-hand side vectors: :math:`f(t_n, y(t_n))` and :math:`f(t_{n-1}, y(t_{n-1}))`,

Author: If you mean the user supplies only `y` values and we evaluate the right-hand side function to get the needed `f` values, then yes these requirement can be relaxed (with extra cost from the RHS evaluations). However, building the predictor Nordsieck array from the `y` values alone would not work as the underlying polynomial does not necessarily satisfy the same interpolation conditions on the derivative values. Similarly, an arbitrary set of `y` and `f` may not work depending on the method.

>    * Right-hand side vectors: :math:`f(t_n, y(t_n))` and :math:`f(t_{n-1}, y(t_{n-1}))`,

Author: Added an issue for this LLNL/sundials-private#109

                    methods this should be :math:`\min\{q+1,q_{\textrm{max}}\}`.
   :param n_f_hist: number of right-hand side vectors provided in
                    ``f_hist``. For Adams methods this should be
                    :math:`\min\{q+1,q_{\textrm{max}}\}` and for BDF methods it
                    should be 2.

   :retval CV_SUCCESS: The call was successful.
   :retval CV_MEM_NULL: The CVODE memory block was ``NULL``.
   :retval CV_ILL_INPUT: An input argument was an illegal value, see the output
                         error message for additional details.

   .. versionadded:: x.y.z

   .. note::

      Any nonlinear or linear solvers attached to CVODE will also need to be
      resized. At present, for SUNDIALS-provided algebraic solvers, this
      requires be destroying, re-creating, and re-attaching the solvers
      following each call to :c:func:`CVodeResizeHistory`. Similarly, any matrix
      objects provided when attaching the linear solver will also need to be
      resized.

      If using a vector of absolute tolerances, the absolute tolerance vector
      will be invalid after the call to :c:func:`CVodeResizeHistory`, so a new

>       absolute tolerance vector should be create and set following each call to

Author: ```suggestion
      absolute tolerance vector should be created and set following each call to
```

For simulations involving changes to the number of equations and unknowns in the

> ODE system, CVODE maybe "resized" between steps by calling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ODE system, CVODE may be "resized" between steps by calling
```
